We're now going to discuss instance use data so we discuss meta data before on the same article you
can see user data.
If you just scroll down a bit further
and what instance data actually is is it's information that you can pass into the instance as it boots.
So for instance you can run some commands as the instance boots and configure your system.
So we're gonna head over to the management console and actually launch an instance and see this in action.
So we're gonna choose launch instance choose the Amazon then it's 2 a.m. I and the T2 micro instance
type and then we're going to leave all the defaults but we're going to go down to advance details here
and this is where we put in our user data so I have mine on my clipboard what I have is the path to
my interpreter then you My date that's why it's what date packages then I'm going to install the hasty
teepee daemon then I'm going to start it and enable it so I'll have a web server at this point I'll
then change in to the hasty email directory and create a page that has this text on it which we should
then be able to connect to on port 80 we can then choose next.
Next again and configure security group now under select an existing security group I have my web access
security group and I've actually already added port AC into it.
If you haven't got that you need to just go into your security group and add 80 inbound we can then
choose review and launch and launch.
It's been a couple of minutes.
My instance is running.
It's still initializing but let's see if we can connect to the web server.
So choose copy the clipboard to get the IP address and then I'm going to put in the IP address and my
browser.
And there we go we've got the text which we're expecting saying this is a test page running on Apache
or easy to India W.S. cloud.
So that's awesome.
So we've used a dates and we can pass this information in and configure our system run commands as it
boots up.
We can also run a command on the instance to actually see the information that's configured in the user
data I'm logged on to my instance and I can just run curl and then put in this IP address.
So it's very similar to the use to the metadata we covered in the previous lab except it's hasty teepee
1 6 9 2 5 4 1 6 9 2 5 4 slash later slash user data and you don't need the trading Slash.
And in this case you can see the information that's stored in the user data.
So that's really it we're going to use user data quite a lot throughout this course because we're going
to configure web servers and various other configurations quite a few times.
So you'll see this over and over again.
That's it for now guys.
See an excellent.